[All hosts](manifest) Add note about omitting GetStarted element (#2944)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/manifest/desktopformfactor.md

|:--------------------------------------|:--------:|:-------------|
| [ExtensionPoint](extensionpoint.md)   | Yes      | Defines where an add-in exposes functionality. |
| [FunctionFile](functionfile.md)       | Yes      | A URL to a file that contains JavaScript functions.|

> | [GetStarted](getstarted.md)           | No       | Defines the callout that appears when installing the add-in in Word, Excel, or PowerPoint. If omitted, the callout will use the values from the [DisplayName](displayname) and [Description](description.md) elements instead. |

Reviewer: I think this matches the previous sentence better.
```suggestion
| [GetStarted](getstarted.md)           | No       | Defines the callout that appears when installing the add-in in Word, Excel, or PowerPoint. If omitted, the callout uses the values from the [DisplayName](displayname) and [Description](description.md) elements instead. |
```
